Now that we've uploaded the file we can move on to e-tail face 3 and we should start preparing the Proc.
.
So let's go ahead and do that.
We'll go to programmability stored procedures and we'll actually use our template.
So right click modify.
And here we will right it changes to create get rid of the word template.
What is our table name or table name is fake names.
Canada.
So it's copy that.
And here we'll just press highlight press control h replace of fake names and Replace All.
Great.
And now we also need the data so actually need the full row of file name.
And here are all table name.
Here we can replace that one.
Whoops.
So that again one two.
OK.
So that's all the tables really going to drag this to the right.
This is all raw table and we're going to obviously you type in.
Author hello.
That's me.
If you haven't met me yet the date day is 11 August and now we'll just copy all the rows except for
row number and make some space here.
Put them in a magic trick.
Know.
We need a comma.
No magic trick done.
OK.
Now and now we need to select the types.
So number as we discussed is going to be the numbers are going to be a bar chart.
Our numbers are up to 200000 So that's six digits.
We'll just give it 100 just in case gender.
OK.
So it's not one letter as male female.
Give it 10 name and you give them a hundred symbols although sometimes it's safer for them and sometimes
they are very long names.
Surname thousands street address thousand city thousand zip code OK zip codes interesting here because
this is Canada.
I'm not a professional of Canadian zip codes but you can see here that there are all three of them a
space and three so they're all seven.
So here for security purposes we can put in seven actually.
And that way we'll protect ourselves from anything more than seven getting into this table.
We'll get an error if something happens like that.
And that's another level of protection which we talked about before so quality assurance.
So let's put a 7 here.
Good good control control a country full of so will you it another thousand although I don't know of
a country that has a very long name longer than 100 characters.
So you get 100 birthday.
Ok this is interesting stuff.
So there's going to be a date.
Balance is going to be afloat and interest rates are going to be afloat.
OK.
So this is a good example of the fact that floats they don't have to have only two digits they can have
many digits after the decimal.
All right so that's how create table.
And now we need to copy this.
As you remember except for the phone number and put it into the insert statement.
How good is this template right.
Just get rid of this.
This is probably the most tedious.
I always forget should have the columns in first before I put in the types anyway.
So there is the insert into and now we need to select from our roundtable.
Let's do that.
It's go to our costs and converge here but we're going to totally rely on the implicit conversion because
we believe that everything is set up correctly and it's it should pick up pick everything up okay.
So there we go.
That is our Proc..
It's it's really just have a look through it.
Take names scanned.
Yep yep yep.
So now just execute this script to save the Proc. good.
And now let's get rid of this and let's launch it and see what we get.
It's quite quite obvious what it will get at this stage and we get an error.
Surprise surprise you get an error.
What does it say.
It says error.
Converting data type in a bar chart to float.
OK so something is not converting well and this is where we get into the dirty stuff we start fixing
up errors.
We will continue if this in the next Tauriel and I look forward See you there.